Add `prepareCellForSkeleton` for `UITableView` and `UICollectionView` (#415)
Juanpe/SkeletonView: README.md

 }
 ```
 

>  If you preffer to leave dequeu part to the library you can configure the cell using this method:

Reviewer: just a typo
```suggestion
If you prefer to leave the deque part to the library you can configure the cell using this method:
```
